kube-prereq.adoc, before:

////
 Copyright (c) 2018 IBM Corporation and others.
 Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives
 4.0 International (CC BY-ND 4.0)
   https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

 Contributors:
     IBM Corporation
////
== Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure to have the following tools installed:

First, you will need a containerization software for building containers. {kube} supports a variety
of container types. You will use `Docker` in this guide. For installation instructions, see https://docs.docker.com/install/.

****
[system]#*{win} | {mac}*#

You will use the Docker Desktop, where a local {kube} environment is pre-installed and enabled. Make sure you have the `Docker` version with the Docker Desktop support.

- Setup Docker for Windows as described at https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/#kubernetes.
- Setup Docker for Mac as described at https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/#kubernetes.
- After following one of the sets of instructions, ensure that {kube} (not Swarm) is selected as the orchestrator.

[system]#*{linux}*#

You will use `Minikube` as a single-node {kube} cluster that runs locally in a virtual machine.
For Minikube installation instructions see https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube. Make sure to read the "Requirements" section as different operating systems require different prerequisites to get Minikube running.
****

Commit message:

Add VBox installation and kubectl installation to kube-prereqs

kube-prereq.adoc, after:

////
 Copyright (c) 2018 IBM Corporation and others.
 Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives
 4.0 International (CC BY-ND 4.0)
   https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

 Contributors:
     IBM Corporation
////
== Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure to have the following tools installed:

First, you will need a containerization software for building containers. {kube} supports a variety
of container types. You will use `Docker` in this guide. For installation instructions, see https://docs.docker.com/install/.

****
[system]#*{win} | {mac}*#

You will use the Docker Desktop, where a local {kube} environment is pre-installed and enabled. Make sure you have the `Docker` version with the Docker Desktop support.

- Setup Docker for Windows as described at https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/#kubernetes.
- Setup Docker for Mac as described at https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/#kubernetes.
- After following one of the sets of instructions, ensure that {kube} (not Swarm) is selected as the orchestrator.

[system]#*{linux}*#

You will use `Minikube` as a single-node {kube} cluster that runs locally in a virtual machine.
For Minikube installation instructions see https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube. Make sure to read the "Requirements" section as different operating systems require different prerequisites to get Minikube running.

In addition to `Minikube` you will need to install a compatible hypervisor such as Virtual Box. For Virtual Box installation instructions see https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Linux_Downloads.

To manage your {kube} cluster the `kubectl` command is required. For `kubectl` installation instructions see https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/.

Run the following commands to create a `docker` user group and to add your user to it.

```
sudo groupadd docker
sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
```

This allows you to run `mvn package` and various `docker` commands without root permissions.
****
