README.md, before:

# Writing guides guidelines
In this repository you will find a variety of common files and resources for writing the guides.

The common files include:
- `LICENSE` (to be placed in every guide).
- [template.adoc](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/draft-guides-template#appendix-a-a-template-readmeadoc) guide template.
- `.gitignore` common gitignore file (you should copy it into your guide repository. Feel free to edit it).
- `gitclone.adoc` to place near the start of each guide for instructions on how to clone the guide repository and get started.
- `finish.adoc` to place at the end of each guide.
- `mvnbuild.adoc` to place near the end of the guide for maven build instructions.
- `mvncompile.adoc` to place in the building section of the guide for instructions on how to repackage everything
without having to restart the server.
- `mvnverify.adoc` to place near the end of the guide for instructions on how to run the tests.

For additional instructions including formatting, styling, etc. of the guides, visit the Wiki located in this repository.

**Please pay close attention to the "Getting started" Wiki page. It contains important information that will not only help you make decisions when writing your guides but will also help keep all the guides concise and clean.**

Commit message:

Add info about guide_tags.json

README.md, after:

# Writing guides guidelines
In this repository you will find a variety of common files and resources for writing the guides.

The common files include:
- `LICENSE` (to be placed in every guide).
- [template.adoc](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/draft-guides-template#appendix-a-a-template-readmeadoc) guide template.
- `.gitignore` common gitignore file (you should copy it into your guide repository. Feel free to edit it).
- `gitclone.adoc` to place near the start of each guide for instructions on how to clone the guide repository and get started.
- `finish.adoc` to place at the end of each guide.
- `mvnbuild.adoc` to place near the end of the guide for maven build instructions.
- `mvncompile.adoc` to place in the building section of the guide for instructions on how to repackage everything
without having to restart the server.
- `mvnverify.adoc` to place near the end of the guide for instructions on how to run the tests.
- `guide_tags.json` to store tags for the guides. Full instructions for updating guide tags can be found in the [guides-template](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/draft-guides-template#step-4-create-a-new-guide).

For additional instructions including formatting, styling, etc. of the guides, visit the Wiki located in this repository.

**Please pay close attention to the "Getting started" Wiki page. It contains important information that will not only help you make decisions when writing your guides but will also help keep all the guides concise and clean.**
